Let's take a look back on
what we did in lesson one.
So, first off we went ahead and
defined what a brick board was and
differentiated between a soft brick, which
is a software issue versus a hard brick,
which is a hardware issue.
>> Next,
we gave you some troubleshooting tips on
what to do when your board is brick.
So we told you, you wanted to take extra
precaution because it might be worse.
We told you that if it's a soft brick
then lights will still be turning on.
And if it's a hardware brick then
it might be the other way where
lights aren't turning on.
>> And then finally,
we went over some quick possible fixes
that might help your bricked board.
So if you have a software issue, try and
reflashing the operating system.
if you have a hardware issue, try and
let the capacitors drain or
just try the DC jack trick.
Or, usually this has a 99% success rate,
go out and buy
a new Dragonboard or check your warranty
and see if you can get something fixed.